c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFinance\MyFinance.Console\bin\Debug\MyFinance.Console.exe.config
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFinance\MyFinance.Console\bin\Debug\MyFinance.Console.exe
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFinance\MyFinance.Console\bin\Debug\MyFinance.Console.pdb
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFinance\MyFinance.Console\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFinance\MyFinance.Console\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFinance\MyFinance.Console\bin\Debug\MyFinance.Data.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFinance\MyFinance.Console\bin\Debug\MyFinance.Domain.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFinance\MyFinance.Console\bin\Debug\MyFinance.Service.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFinance\MyFinance.Console\bin\Debug\MyFinance.Data.pdb
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFinance\MyFinance.Console\bin\Debug\MyFinance.Domain.pdb
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFinance\MyFinance.Console\bin\Debug\MyFinance.Service.pdb
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFinance\MyFinance.Console\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFinance\MyFinance.Console\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFinance\MyFinance.Console\obj\Debug\MyFinance.Console.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFinance\MyFinance.Console\obj\Debug\MyFinance.Console.exe
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyFinance\MyFinance.Console\obj\Debug\MyFinance.Console.pdb
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\ESPRIT\4NIDS2\Semester 2\DotNet\DotNetRepo\MyFinance\MyFinance.Console\bin\Debug\MyFinance.Console.exe.config
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\ESPRIT\4NIDS2\Semester 2\DotNet\DotNetRepo\MyFinance\MyFinance.Console\obj\Debug\MyFinance.Console.exe
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\ESPRIT\4NIDS2\Semester 2\DotNet\DotNetRepo\MyFinance\MyFinance.Console\obj\Debug\MyFinance.Console.pdb
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\ESPRIT\4NIDS2\Semester 2\DotNet\DotNetRepo\MyFinance\MyFinance.Console\bin\Debug\MyFinance.Console.exe
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\ESPRIT\4NIDS2\Semester 2\DotNet\DotNetRepo\MyFinance\MyFinance.Console\bin\Debug\MyFinance.Console.pdb
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\ESPRIT\4NIDS2\Semester 2\DotNet\DotNetRepo\MyFinance\MyFinance.Console\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\ESPRIT\4NIDS2\Semester 2\DotNet\DotNetRepo\MyFinance\MyFinance.Console\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\ESPRIT\4NIDS2\Semester 2\DotNet\DotNetRepo\MyFinance\MyFinance.Console\bin\Debug\MyFinance.Data.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\ESPRIT\4NIDS2\Semester 2\DotNet\DotNetRepo\MyFinance\MyFinance.Console\bin\Debug\MyFinance.Domain.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\ESPRIT\4NIDS2\Semester 2\DotNet\DotNetRepo\MyFinance\MyFinance.Console\bin\Debug\MyFinance.Service.dll
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\ESPRIT\4NIDS2\Semester 2\DotNet\DotNetRepo\MyFinance\MyFinance.Console\bin\Debug\MyFinance.Data.pdb
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\ESPRIT\4NIDS2\Semester 2\DotNet\DotNetRepo\MyFinance\MyFinance.Console\bin\Debug\MyFinance.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\ESPRIT\4NIDS2\Semester 2\DotNet\DotNetRepo\MyFinance\MyFinance.Console\bin\Debug\MyFinance.Service.pdb
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\ESPRIT\4NIDS2\Semester 2\DotNet\DotNetRepo\MyFinance\MyFinance.Console\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\ESPRIT\4NIDS2\Semester 2\DotNet\DotNetRepo\MyFinance\MyFinance.Console\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\pc\Desktop\ESPRIT\4NIDS2\Semester 2\DotNet\DotNetRepo\MyFinance\MyFinance.Console\obj\Debug\MyFinance.Console.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
